Added Ternary operator in Conditionals (#6240)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/conditionals/conditionals.md

Output: Best of luck today!
Output: You are prepared for your exam!
```

## Ternary Operator

The ternary operator (`? :`) is a shorthand way to write simple `if-else` statements. It evaluates a condition and returns one value if the condition is true and another if it is false.

```java

> int age = 18;
> String message = (age >= 18) ? "You are an adult." : "You are a minor.";
> System.out.println(message);
> 
> // Output: You are an adult.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        int age = 18;
        String message = (age >= 18) ? "You are an adult." : "You are a minor.";
        System.out.println(message);
    }
}
```

Reviewer: wrapped the code in a class

Author: Hey @mamtawardhani , I really appreciate your feedback. I'll review your suggestion and make the necessary changes as soon as possible. Thanks again! 😃"
